I hope no one is claustrophobic the
Celts an emperor with friends it's cool
mountain forest town can't complain
just hit bounce city oh hey yes I saw
you there Sweden also said hi whoa
Rome hi what's your name we live in
faithful Edinburgh Alec bean King do you
need to dream the forests are full of
birds gotta buy that silver got it grab
land while it's available then violence
not everyone can settle fifth-place
totally do - holy forests violence
vegans um Hiawatha has no soldiers
nearby guess you were forced to declare
war war Chow what you don't see is
Pocatello wanting silk for cheap he's
unhappy about our proximity oh he's mad
smash his stuff and don't let anyone in
our forests brave soldiers soldier on
his soldiers suck the Celts know the
secret to land expansion eat some great
generals that means more violence gotta
have a reason to fight totally
justifiable now die everyone who thinks
differently we are war monger hear us
roar that's enough for now it's like
training on the holodeck computer run
great general production program Riker
9-12
difficulty hard bring brandman's Rena
deep thanks the Great Wall computer I
didn't mean that hard I'm sorry anyway
engage ah-ha-ha-ha market tomorrow fresh
fruit I hope the markets have security
war from the north get a bunch of troops
together
this isn't good Rome we grew up together
you do remember
ah but you aren't even nearby everybody
was fighting in the trees where's a
great general when you need it stab
anything that gets closed what do you
want for open borders in a new enemy 500
bucks
sure why aren't you rushing over to
fight hurry up they're just trees and
hills all that was a good investment
calm down that shoot when necessary
hold your fire unhappy in 6:28 'i wonder
if that wonder will work one turn left
missionaries find your position epically
heroic at home take a moment for the
lost missionary grand temple is almost
here as this war with all sorts of
people Indonesia was angry for a bit
free acoustics and sound and Rome sure
is eating well our 18 citizens are
content Carthage needs some silk Egypt
also requires it Arabia as well russia
says please silky smooth is like no
other a no trade here just demands you
to observe more science from the sky hey
sweden be enlightened a way too late
national epic arabia is starting to take
off over here is even more crowded and
the Byzantines are late bloomers open
borders respect our trees science is the
current focus science and hammers free
land seems to be gone got a fit school
somewhere and crossbowmen were over the
room come on man bad karma
now I gotta tempt Russia with luxuries
Mountains are the best defense what you
don't like your embarked units being
sunk by arrows gun soon did you hear
that world also going to expand the
Empire that's what open borders are for
or right poke he's invading calmly don't
think would actually warring no one
declare war got to be industrial might
get Broadway suddenly more slots no I
have coal an archaeologists wait for a
cannon got it
now dig still fifth place not eating as
well as Russia or Rome though these guys
dream of food and some way anger the
Romans it was one time so sorry been a
while since any bloods been spilt
should have knocked on wood or several
box so Ethiopia is too far away to
really be a worry the other guys are
kind of close this old chestnut again
have no idea I agreed to denounce Arabia
earlier dude I didn't even want to
denounce him
let's be friends arabia plasticize maybe
arabia won't attack can't handle war on
all sides kind of busy in the south no
ah so angry you look happy and calm but
eek now more explosives from the sky she
didn't appreciate or being part of our
science fair projects how do you fight
against the alpha dog make buildings
cheaper Denmark is nice to us rest of
the world is scary and unknown thanks
that gold will go to good use
blowing up and machine-gun upgrades
expensive and not really worth it red
arrows of destruction or where it's at
and great generals mean his land is our
land
it's the silver said o great leader a I
like that best friends
wait what anyone who you don't get along
with is clearly worth building a
friendship with give Arabia my regards
are you saying I pick bad friends let's
end this and go attack Sweden I have
lots of friends I don't need the Swedes
thanks mr. bluetooth we make a good pair
do you get it pairing Bluetooth
international games in the 40s or later
war begins or ends silk is essential a
golden age is dawn Sweden is too far
away to actually attack but the
sentiment is there we are sporty it's
now the 50s and everyone is our friend
that means nobody attacks right right
Arabia don't use your power for evil
Rome is Arabian if you didn't notice
also we got information launched the
Hubble back to World's Fair building
again arabia needs to not be so ahead
this part of the world also thrives
well not Theodora in her valley village
but our fake friendship doesn't feigned
international relations mean anything
anymore the internet can't keep up with
the Rabia nights wait those aren't nice
those are far scarier units
ouch our feelings again what did I do
hey we are the ones being attacked here
trying to keep our tradition of not
winning projects machine guns gun other
types of guns
back can't get him to stop I mean you
didn't want to fight in the first place
dream of giant death robots planes can
hold them back
maybe announce the weakest sieve why
let's just mean so much negative energy
pick a unit and pray this isn't gonna
end well
I see you've put your own spin on the
genes look damn it mighty Arabia is
number one Mother Russia isn't bad at
all what was I